---
title: Introduction
slug: /
---

# Perfsee Performance Analysis Platform

Perfsee is a performance analysis platform for front-end web applications. It integrates multiple performance analysis modules, including **Bundle Analysis**, **Lab Analysis**, **Source Analysis**, and **competitor analysis**.

Through these modules, users can analyze the performance of the entire development process from source code to bundles to runtime, easily locate performance problems, get optimization solutions advice, and gradually optimize project performance.

## Platform Features

### Bundle Analysis

In the Bundle Analysis function, project bundles generated by the most used packaging tools (Webpack, ESBuild, Rollup, etc.) will be collected for analysis. Through multiple dimensions and compared with the previous bundle(baseline), Perfsee will provide information about the changes in the bundle and their impact on performance, as well as optimization suggestions and alarms.

### Lab Analysis

The Lab Analysis module is based on Chrome Lighthouse and uses a headless browser to run the page specified by the user. By analyzing the runtime data, key performance indicators, network request information, main thread JS execution information, rendering process, long task information and other useful information will be provided for optimization reference.

### Source Analysis

The source Analysis restores and locates the performance data collected during runtime analysis to the source code, aggregates and filters the analysis results, and displays the function calls, time-consuming, and reasons that fail the relevant analysis rules. At the same time, it can be combined with editor plug-ins to display source code performance data during the development phase.

### Competitor Analysis

The Competitor Analysis is developed based on the Lab Analysis function. By comparing the performance of users' sites with the performance of competitors' sites, you can understand the performance differences between your sites and competing sites, including the comparison of performance scores, key indicators, and the number of requests, so you can find the way to optimize and improve.

## Start using Perfsee

[Create or import a front-end project from Github](./get-started.md) and start analyzing and optimizing the performance of your project.
